README.md, before:

# Lemon-X-Chrome-Extension

Chrome extension built for educational purposes and personal use.  
Get it here: <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lemon-x/chdldhicokpngnfcmbgmgleipomcojfi>

## Features

Adds context menu for images

- Reverse image search with SauceNAO

Adds context menu for highlighted text

- Translate selected text with Google Translate
- Supports all the languages. Change in the options.

Adds toolbar button to quickly search MyAnimeList

Redirects Twitter image URLs to the original size and quality version

Download Twitter images as image files instead of Twitter's jpg-large files

Chrome Cloud Sync for your settings across your devices

- Requires you to have signed into your Google account in your browser settings

## To install (recommended)

Visit this page and click "ADD TO CHROME" in the top right corner:  
<https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lemon-x/chdldhicokpngnfcmbgmgleipomcojfi>

Chrome will automatically update it for you.

## To install (manual)

1. Download the file found on the [Release page](https://github.com/Teh-Lemon/Lemon-X-Chrome-Extension/releases).
2. Extract the contents of the .zip file somewhere permanent
3. Open up the extensions page in Google Chrome (Menu -> Tools -> Extensions).
4. Turn on Developer Mode in the top right corner
5. Click "Load unpacked extension" in the Chrome Extensions page at the top
6. Point it to the files you just extracted
7. Disable Developer Mode.

To update:  

1. Overwrite the files of the extension with the new files  
2. If the directory is not changed, Chrome will automatically detect and install the update

## Permissions

Read and change your data on pbs.twimg.com
- Used to redirect Twitter images to the original size  

## Screenshots

MyAnimeList search icon and reverse image search context menu.  
![alt text](Doc/imagemenu2.png "")  

Text translation context menu.  
![alt text](Doc/translatemenu.png "")  

Twitter improvements.  
![alt text](Doc/twitdl.jpg "")  
![alt text](Doc/twitredirect.jpg "")

Commit message:

Added disable redir twitter thumbnails docs

README.md, after:

# Lemon-X-Chrome-Extension

Chrome extension built for educational purposes and personal use.  
Get it here: <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lemon-x/chdldhicokpngnfcmbgmgleipomcojfi>

## Features

Adds context menu for images

- Reverse image search with SauceNAO

Adds context menu for highlighted text

- Translate selected text with Google Translate
- Supports all the languages. Change in the options.

Adds toolbar button to quickly search MyAnimeList

Redirects Twitter image URLs to the original size and quality version

Download Twitter images as image files instead of Twitter's jpg-large files

Chrome Cloud Sync for your settings across your devices

- Requires you to have signed into your Google account in your browser settings

## To install (recommended)

Visit this page and click "ADD TO CHROME" in the top right corner:  
<https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lemon-x/chdldhicokpngnfcmbgmgleipomcojfi>

Chrome will automatically update it for you.

## To install (manual)

1. Download the file found on the [Release page](https://github.com/Teh-Lemon/Lemon-X-Chrome-Extension/releases).
2. Extract the contents of the .zip file somewhere permanent
3. Open up the extensions page in Google Chrome (Menu -> Tools -> Extensions).
4. Turn on Developer Mode in the top right corner
5. Click "Load unpacked extension" in the Chrome Extensions page at the top
6. Point it to the files you just extracted
7. Disable Developer Mode.

To update:  

1. Overwrite the files of the extension with the new files  
2. If the directory is not changed, Chrome will automatically detect and install the update

## Additional Instructions

[Disable Re-directing Twitter Timeline Thumbnails To Original Sizes](Doc/Disable_Twitter_Thumbnail_Redirects.md)

## Permissions

Read and change your data on pbs.twimg.com
- Used to redirect Twitter images to the original size  
Read and change your data on twitter.com and mobile.twitter.com  
- Used to redirect Twitter timeline thumbnail images to the original size  

## Screenshots

MyAnimeList search icon and reverse image search context menu.  
![alt text](Doc/imagemenu2.png "")  

Text translation context menu.  
![alt text](Doc/translatemenu.png "")  

Twitter improvements.  
![alt text](Doc/twitdl.jpg "")  
![alt text](Doc/twitredirect.jpg "")
